This repo includes PowerShell scripts for setting up the [Microsoft Software Defined Networking](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/mt403307.aspx) (SDN) Stack using Windows Server 2016 Technical Preview. An experience guide will be published shortly and linked from here to describe the pre-requisites and configuration required to use these scripts.

The SDNExpress directory contains three folders: AgentConf, TenantApps, and Scripts. The scripts directory contains PowerShell and Desired State Configuration (DSC) scripts used to configure both fabric and tenant resources in a sample SDN deployment. The TenantApps directory contains sample configuration for a two-tier application (Web and Database) deployment. The AgentConf directory holds fresh copies of OVSDB schemas used by the SDN Host Agent on each Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V host to program network policy.

At a minimum, a user will need to download the SDNExpress scripts to a host from which deployment will occur. The directory containing the SDNExpress scripts will need to have Read/Write permissions open for all hosts to be used in the deployment. The Config.psd1 configuration file will need to be customized for your environment and will be used by the SDNExpress.ps1 script to setup the SDN fabric resources. After the fabric resources are setup, the SDNExpressTenant.ps1 script can be run to create a sample, single-tenant, two-tier application (Web and Database) which uses default ACLs and two virtual subnets. 

This branch will stay compatible with Technical Preview 4.
